[Android] Add Android documentation for checking authentication state (#3341)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/auth/fragments/native_common/signin/common.md

<inline-fragment platform="ios" src="~/lib/auth/fragments/ios/signin/50_multi_factor_confirm_signin.md"></inline-fragment>
<inline-fragment platform="android" src="~/lib/auth/fragments/android/signin/50_multi_factor_confirm_signin.md"></inline-fragment>
<inline-fragment platform="flutter" src="~/lib/auth/fragments/flutter/signin/50_multi_factor_confirm_signin.md"></inline-fragment>

> ## Check user sign-in state

Reviewer: Since this applies to all types of sign in (Sign In, Sign In with web UI, Social sign in with web UI), can we create a new page for this instead of adding it to the existing "Sign In" page?    I'm thinking it could be a page named "Check sign in state", right after the "Sign in next steps" page.

Author: Yeah, this is reasonable 👍

> Invoke the following api to determine whether the current user is signed in or not.

Reviewer: The main customer use case we want to document here is how clients should determine on app start whether to show a sign in screen or their primary application screen which requires authenticated content.  That's not necessarily the same as whether the current user is signed in or not (if the refresh token expires, the end user might still be signed in according to fetchAuthSession().isSignedIn, but they are no longer authenticated because the refresh token is expired.

```suggestion
Use the following method to check if the current user is authenticated.   This is the recommended approach for determining whether you should display a sign in screen when your application starts.
```

> 

Author: iOS and Flutter fragments should be added here
